Hello. My name is Kenzo and in this
video, you will acquire English
naturally by watching, listening, and
following along as I play Minecraft
hardcore.
So far in this series, we've survived
169 days. During my last live stream, I
enchanted a bunch of books here at the
enchanting table. And off camera, I
enchanted more. Look at this.
Up in this chest, there are a bunch of
books that I've enchanted.
And I also enchanted this diamond
pickaxe with silk touch.
I'll show you what this pickaxe does
later. For now, let's take this diamond
pickaxe and let's put it in the
enchanting table.
Look at this.
And the lapis
the level 30 enchantment is
fortune two. I finally found a fortune
enchantment. Let's enchant this pickaxe
with fortune two.
There we go. It's not fortune three,
which is the best, but fortune two is
still good. Right here, I have a book
and quill.
A book and quill. I took a book and I
added an ink sack from a squid and a
feather and I made
a book and quill. And you can write in
the book and quill. This book is for my
notes.
I'm going to open this book. Let's open
it.
These are my goals for this video.
The first goal for this video was to
enchant a pickaxe with fortune, and I
already did that. So,
let's remove this one. I accomplished
goal number one.
Goal number two for this video is to
collect lots of iron, gold, and
diamonds. So, the next thing I'm going
to do is I'm going to go underground and
collect a bunch of iron, gold, and
diamonds with my
fortune two pickaxe. And the third thing
that I want to do in this video is
enchant a full set of diamond armor and
tools.
So, hopefully I can find a bunch of
diamonds underground. But right now,
it's raining and it's night time.
So, let's go to sleep.
It's morning.
And the rain has stopped.
Day 170.
All right.
Let's go underground.
Um
I don't have torches.
I always forget to bring torches. Sticks
and coal, torches. There we go. I made a
bunch of torches. I have my torches.
Now, let's go underground. Here we are.
The bottom of the world. I remember I
found some diamonds in a previous video
down
this tunnel. I think it was down this
tunnel. Aha, diamonds.
Let's see how many diamonds we collect.
I'll use my fortune two pickaxe.
Woah. See, from that one block of
diamond, I collected
three diamonds.
Three diamonds. This pickaxe is amazing.
More diamonds.
I found more diamonds.
Okay, it's time to switch pickaxes.
I'll use my fortune pickaxe to mine
these diamonds.
And let's see how many diamonds we get.
Three.
Any more diamonds?
Now, I'm up to seven diamonds.
Awesome. Let's keep going.
More diamonds.
There are some diamonds up on the
ceiling. I'll place a torch.
More diamonds. I'll use my fortune
pickaxe.
More.
Any more diamonds?
Yes.
Ooh.
I think I heard an Enderman.
I'll get these diamonds.
More.
Woah.
Did you hear it?
Now, we're up
to 13 diamonds.
And I'll keep mining.
This is a lucky tunnel.
I'm finding a lot of diamonds in this
tunnel.
This tunnel is lucky.
Let's keep going. Ooh, there's some
gold.
I'll pick up this gold with my fortune
pickaxe.
Let's see how much gold we got. I'll
throw some cobblestone
and some deepslate. We got four gold
from that. Aha, here are some diamonds.
Okay, we're up to 15.
15 diamonds now. Any more?
Oh, there's one more.
Oh, yeah.
18 diamonds.
I got three diamonds from that block.
Okay, I think that's all.
Here's some gold. I'll pick up this
gold.
With gold, I can craft golden carrots.
More diamonds. Yes.
I found more diamonds. Okay, I'll place
a torch.
Let's pick up these diamonds.
Hopefully we get a lot.
We're up to level 30.
All right.
Now we're up to 26 diamonds.
Oh, more diamonds.
Nice. Okay.
Let's collect these diamonds.
Now we're up to 31.
31 diamonds.
All right, my inventory is totally full.
So, I think I'm going to go back up to
the surface and I'll put away all this
stuff.
I found 31 diamonds down here. All
right, here's my staircase.
Let's go back up to the surface.
By the way, if you're enjoying these
videos and if you'd like to practice
speaking English with me directly, you
could book a call with me on Google Meet
or Tencent Meetings by clicking up here.
Let's continue up the staircase.
All right, we made it to the surface.
Let's go inside
and let's go to sleep. And I'm going to
put away all this stuff.
All of this stuff I'll put in this
copper chest for my copper golems to
organize.
I'll put the lapis lazuli in this chest
that's in the enchanting room.
I have some food. I have some torches.
Let's get some more food. Here we have
eight cooked mutton. I'll take that.
And let's go back underground.
I'm going to stop at level 16
right here.
And I'm going to go down this tunnel.
This tunnel leads to the lush cave that
I found during a previous live stream.
Maybe I can find some iron or some gold
in here.
There's some iron.
Let's get that iron. All right, I'll use
my fortune pickaxe to mine this iron.
Okay, I think I picked up all the iron.
Now I'm up to 41 iron.
I already found 41 iron using this
fortune two pickaxe.
During my last live stream, I found some
axolotls down here.
I collected two axolotls.
I'll break this clay.
I'm picking up
clay balls. We can smelt these in a
furnace to make bricks.
Oh.
Die, slime.
Die. Die. Die.
It's time to collect a bunch of slime
balls using my looting three sword.
Here we go. Die, slimes.
Die.
Okay.
Let's see how many slime balls I got.
17 slime balls.
Let's go this way. Diamonds.
All right, let's collect these diamonds.
Ooh, it looks like we got a lot of
diamonds.
Seven.
Seven diamonds.
Ah!
More than seven diamonds.
Eight diamonds.
Eight diamonds. All right. I'm back here
at my tunnel.
I found eight diamonds, 45 iron, and
seven gold. Now, I'm going back up to
the surface to make some diamond armor.
Here we are at the surface.
Let's go inside.
Okay.
I'm going to pick up my diamonds.
I have 39 diamonds total. I'll start
smelting this iron in the furnace. All
right. Let's go to the crafting table,
and let's craft some diamond armor.
I already have some diamond leggings.
Oh!
Look at this.
I made a new skin. This is my new skin.
My skin has red eyes
and big teeth.
And he's smiling.
He's wearing a shirt that's yellow and
white. It's got yellow and white
stripes.
He's wearing shorts.
And he's wearing some red shoes.
Tell me in the comments below if you
like my new skin.
All right. Back to making diamond armor.
I already have leggings, so I need to
make a helmet, a chest plate, and some
boots.
I'll make a diamond helmet.
I'll make a diamond chest plate.
And I'll make some diamond boots.
There we go. And now, I'm going to
enchant this armor.
Here, I have feather falling four and
unbreaking three. I'm going to put these
enchantments on my boots.
Let's go to the anvil.
I'll put the boots and the book in the
anvil. It costs seven XP.
Let's do it.
Now, I have 24 XP
and I have my enchanted diamond boots.
Let's put them on.
Okay, now we have boots and leggings.
Oh.
Zombies are breaking down my door.
Die, zombie.
Die.
Protection four. I'm going to use this
book on my chest plate.
Let's go to the anvil and I'll put in
the chest plate and the book.
This one costs four XP.
Let's do it.
And I'll put on the chest plate.
Now, I just need to enchant the helmet.
This book has projectile protection
four.
I think this will protect me against
skeletons.
I'll take this book. I'll use this book
on the helmet. Helmet,
book.
Here we go.
Now, we have an enchanted diamond
helmet.
Let's put on
the diamond helmet.
There we go. And now,
I have a full set of enchanted diamond
armor.
I'm going to pick up my iron
iron and I'm going to make some more
iron blocks.
Here we go.
I need one more
iron block.
I need to wait for this iron to smelt.
There we go.
I'll make one more block of iron.
All right.
Now I have four blocks of iron. The last
thing that I'm going to do in this video
is go over to my supporter wall.
Let's go outside and let's go to the
supporter wall. In this video, I'm
adding Mario Molina to my supporter
wall. But Mario gets a special sign.
I'm going to use iron blocks. Let's go
up three blocks. 1 2 3. The pink sign on
the iron block is for supporters that
donate more than $50
total.
Let's add Mario to the wall. I'm going
to break this deep slate
and I'll replace it with iron.
The first iron block on the wall. I need
one more pink sign.
I'll add the sign to the wall.
m a r i o m o l i n a Big thank you to
all of my supporters.
If these videos are being helpful to
you, the best way to support this
channel is by making a donation on my
Kofi page or by going to my shop and
buying some of my artwork.
Thanks for watching. Like and subscribe
and I will see you in the next video.
See you.